Jonathan Frakes Asks You Things
---
Have you ever walked out of a mall into a huge parking area and realized you'd forgotten where you parked your car?
Ever gone mountain biking?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What's the right tip?
Called a plumber to your home lately?
How superstitious are you?
How much money would it take to make you to spend the night in a cemetery?
Would you display this as a trophy?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a sweet-tooth?
Do you believe in the power of a curse?
Have you had your hearing tested lately?
Planning a trip soon?
Can you remember the tallest man you've ever seen?
Do you love to go a-wonderin' beneath a clear blue sky?
Have you noticed what big stars real estate agents have become?
Are you careful with your personal records?
Does your computer ever seem to have a mind of its own?
Have you ever visited a Chinatown section in a major city?
Have you ever visited a flea market?
Have you ever visited a truck stop?
Did you ever have a job as a waiter?
Have you noticed how many successful restaurants are theme-based these days?
Have you ever had the desire to write your initials in wet cement?

Jonathan Frakes Interrogates You
---
What really happened here?
Who was the cowboy who confronted Johnny and Larry that night?
Was the old woman in on it too?
Could Danny have been hallucinating?
But if Dan was hallucinating, who ate Hal's food?
What about the mysterious behavior of the barbecue lid?
Was it really the nanny?
Does this story seem possible?
Was the morgue attendant in on the deception too?
Were there gases trapped within the milk bucket that caused the activity?
How was the doctor able to send email without a computer?
Was a sewing machine taken over by the spirit of Byron's grandmother?
Could a plant really identify a murderer?
Is it possible that a parrot could give a young girl the will to live?
Was the sister's husband really the victim of amnesia?
But then how do you explain the bullet hole in his phone?
Is this story true?
Did a fertilized octopus egg ingested into the human system actually grow inside the body?
Do you believe this story?

Jonathan Frakes Interrogates You With Nonsense
---
What really happened here?
Did three acrobats really choose to avenge their sister's death?
And haven't dogs and cats been known to predict earthquakes?
But, what about the detail of the chocolate chip cookies?
And what about those dogs tags?
But then, how do you explain the chocolate?
How else do you explain both people using the same computer repair shop?
If not, how could the boy suddenly speak Chinese?
But then, how do you explain the grim reaper?
And what about this unusually-shaped chair?
Why did the insult machine suddenly give compliments?
And how do you account for the loose stitching on the quilt?
Was Joselyn really cursed by the beautician?
If so, how do you explain the doll using the name Miss Robinson?
But then, how do you explain the grease and screwdriver in the father's bed?
If so, how did the men's room attendant know so much about Artie?
But then, how could he have possibly known about the childrens' playground?
If so, how did he get the gift back?
But then, who murdered Professor Wainwright?
And how do you explain the pen?
And how do you explain that the box fell at just the right time?
And how do you explain the smudge on the phrenologist's head?
Who was Elmo P. Middleton?
Did the spirit of Abraham Lincoln really seize hold of Senator Quigley and force him to tell the truth?

Jonathan Frakes Tells You Things
---
Firefighters are constant reminders of heroic behavior.
Auto racing has become one of America's fastest-growing sports.
Thieves are difficult to outsmart.
Dolls seem to have their own personalities.
Milk only comes in a carton.
Many crimes remain a mystery forever.
Making movies is easier than it's ever been.
The conscience is a meddlesome companion.
The guillotine has been out of fashion for a while.
Comic books are serious business.
The video business has become big business.
An all-access pass is a precious commodity.
If you can remember the 60's, you weren't really there.
Wheelchairs like this are used in many ways.
Of course, it's always safer to hike in groups.
Horses have long been thought of as magical creatures.
History is filled with stories of magic clothing.
The corner drugstore was a magical place.
One of the things that brings people together is the joy of cooking.
But all the information about the opposite sex is meaningless unless it's accompanied by an understanding of the heart.

Jonathan Frakes Asks You (Mostly Rhetorical) Things
---
We've all heard the expression "clothes make the man." Is it really true?
Did you have a favorite book as a child?
Do you have a favorite method of falling asleep?
Is there anything more precious than the gift of sight?
Who can explain the mystery of music?
We make our own luck.
Can a home ever be truly safe?
Have you checked the back sections of newspapers and magazines lately?
What is the secret of the green thumb?
What mysteries lie within the frame of a portrait?
How do you describe terror?
Have you ever noticed the curious things one sees discarded by the roadside?
Who knows why certain people say certain things?
Have you ever experienced a sleepwalking episode?
Is there a more important job than that of a teacher?
Is there a more annoying sound than the screech of chalk against chalkboard?
